test-data/server/README.md, before:

# Stelline server tests

The test recipes defined in this directory follow a common pattern, each
involving two or three parties that communicate via mock network sockets:

  1. A real in-memory server to be tested.
     The behaviour of the server is controlled by the `config:` block that
     preceeds the `CONFIG_END` directive.

     This server is powered by actual running domain server code, not
     test/mock code.

     This server has no network address at which it listens as such, instead
     client requests are delivered via a mock network socket to which the
     server is directly connected.

  2. Real clients querying the server under test.
     The behaviour of these clients is controlled by pairs of `STEP`
     directives: `QUERY` then `CHECK_ANSWER`.

     These clients are powered by actual running domain client code, not
     test/mock code.

     From the perspective of the server the clients appear to send requests
     from 127.0.0.1 unless otherwise specified via
     `STEP <N> QUERY ADDRESS <IP>`.

  3. **[Optional]** Mock servers for use with the above clients & server.
     These servers do not actually exist, they are just a set of mock replies
     which the Stelline test framework will provide as responses to matching
     queries (from either the clients or the server under test).
     
     Queries are matched by both step number (only steps in the defined range
     can match) and by properties of the DNS query.

# Known limitations

- The `QUERY` step only sets expectations, the actual sending of the query, the
  receiving and checking of the answer all happen in the `CHECK_ANSWER` step.

- The first use of a particular client IP address (or the default if none is
  specified via `ADDRESS`) will determine the configuration of that client. If
  two different steps define a different configuration for the same client,
  e.g. a latter step specifying that requests should be signed using a
  particular TSIG key, the former step will determine that the client sends
  unsigned requests and the latter TSIG key specification will be ignored.

- By default server responses are expected consist of only a single reply. The
  `EXTRA_PACKET` directive can be used to denote that a subsequent reply should
  also be expected, e.g. for XFR responses. The `EXTRA_PACKET` directive can be
  used more than once. The number of replies must exactly match the number of
  expected replies. To make it possible to correctly define which RRs will
  appear in which reply in which order, when running in test mode the server
  uses PredictablyOrderedBatcher to order XFR response RRs by wire format
  byte sequence, while there is usually no such ordering guarantee.

- Specifying a TSIG key via `STEP <N> QUERY KEY <KEYNAME>` will cause the real
  TSIG client code to TSIG sign the request, and to strip out the TSIG signing
  in the reply before the comparison is made with the expected reply contents
  as definedby the `SECTION` blocks of a `CHECK_ANSWER` step. As such the
  actual effects of TSIG signing are not visible nor explicitly tested for in
  test steps that use `KEY <KEYNAME>`.

- Using a real client limits the control the tests have over the sent messages.
  For example, irrespective of the query defined by a test, the client code
  will inject an EDNS TCP keep-alive OPT record before sending it. This can be
  worked around by using `MATCH MOCK_CLIENT` which will instruct the Stelline
  test framework to use a different UDP client which does not modify the
  request before sending.

- Tests are run in a single thread. Actions that need to take place in the
  background may therefore need an explicit chance to run, via use of
  `STEP <N> TIME_PASSES ELAPSE 0`.

Commit message:

Document the new EXTRA_PACKETS Stelline match directive.

test-data/server/README.md, after:

# Stelline server tests

The test recipes defined in this directory follow a common pattern, each
involving two or three parties that communicate via mock network sockets:

  1. A real in-memory server to be tested.
     The behaviour of the server is controlled by the `config:` block that
     preceeds the `CONFIG_END` directive.

     This server is powered by actual running domain server code, not
     test/mock code.

     This server has no network address at which it listens as such, instead
     client requests are delivered via a mock network socket to which the
     server is directly connected.

  2. Real clients querying the server under test.
     The behaviour of these clients is controlled by pairs of `STEP`
     directives: `QUERY` then `CHECK_ANSWER`.

     These clients are powered by actual running domain client code, not
     test/mock code.

     From the perspective of the server the clients appear to send requests
     from 127.0.0.1 unless otherwise specified via
     `STEP <N> QUERY ADDRESS <IP>`.

  3. **[Optional]** Mock servers for use with the above clients & server.
     These servers do not actually exist, they are just a set of mock replies
     which the Stelline test framework will provide as responses to matching
     queries (from either the clients or the server under test).
     
     Queries are matched by both step number (only steps in the defined range
     can match) and by properties of the DNS query.

# Known limitations

- The `QUERY` step only sets expectations, the actual sending of the query, the
  receiving and checking of the answer all happen in the `CHECK_ANSWER` step.

- The first use of a particular client IP address (or the default if none is
  specified via `ADDRESS`) will determine the configuration of that client. If
  two different steps define a different configuration for the same client,
  e.g. a latter step specifying that requests should be signed using a
  particular TSIG key, the former step will determine that the client sends
  unsigned requests and the latter TSIG key specification will be ignored.

- By default server responses are expected to consist of only a single reply.
  The `EXTRA_PACKET` directive can be used to denote that a subsequent reply
  should also be expected, e.g. for XFR responses. The `EXTRA_PACKET`
  directive can be used more than once. The number of replies must exactly
  match the number of expected replies and each reply must have the correct
  subset of the total RRs across all "packets" (response messages). If the
  number and/or composition of extra responses is not known use `MATCH
  EXTRA_PACKETS` (note the plural) to tell the Stelline test framework to
  gather all replies into one then test the RR present (order insensitive).

- Specifying a TSIG key via `STEP <N> QUERY KEY <KEYNAME>` will cause the real
  TSIG client code to TSIG sign the request, and to strip out the TSIG signing
  in the reply before the comparison is made with the expected reply contents
  as definedby the `SECTION` blocks of a `CHECK_ANSWER` step. As such the
  actual effects of TSIG signing are not visible nor explicitly tested for in
  test steps that use `KEY <KEYNAME>`.

- Using a real client limits the control the tests have over the sent messages.
  For example, irrespective of the query defined by a test, the client code
  will inject an EDNS TCP keep-alive OPT record before sending it. This can be
  worked around by using `MATCH MOCK_CLIENT` which will instruct the Stelline
  test framework to use a different UDP client which does not modify the
  request before sending.

- Tests are run in a single thread. Actions that need to take place in the
  background may therefore need an explicit chance to run, via use of
  `STEP <N> TIME_PASSES ELAPSE 0`.
